---
layout: post
title:  "NASA Wakeup Calls: STS-113 ✵ Jeopardy Theme by Unidentified ✷ December 06, 2002"
blog_title: "STS-113"
author: "NASA: Music to Wake Up By"
type: MusicPlaylist
date_modified: 2002-12-06
songs: ["I Got You Babe by Sonny and Cher", "Jeopardy Theme by Unidentified"]
genres: ["Rock"]
---

----
### DATE: December 06, 2002
----
⊹ I Got You Babe *by* Sonny and Cher ([Rock](https://www.discogs.com/genre/Rock): [Pop Rock](https://www.discogs.com/style/Pop%20Rock)) <a target="blank_" href="https://www.discogs.com/Sonny-Cher-I-Got-You-Babe/release/6435350">
    <i class="fas fa-compact-disc"
       title="Discogs entry for this song"
       alt="Discogs entry for this song"
       style="font-size: 1.1em;"></i></a>
      &nbsp;<br />
✵ Jeopardy Theme *by* Unidentified  

#### Comment:
* Clips from the movie Groundhog Day (I Got You Babe) and the television game show Jeopardy The Groundhog Day was a reference to the multiple landing attempts. At this point STS-113 tied the previous record of two additional extensions waiting for good weather. With the additional day beyond that, they set a new record for the number of landing tries. The Jeopardy theme music was a running gag between Mike Lopez-Alegria and the Capcoms where he would pose various questions about the mission's status as quizzes. At one point the Capcom answered one of L-A's queries, and he replied But you forgot to phrase it in the form of a question. The evening before when MCC said goodnight a Capcom cautioned the wakeup music may sound familiar. Wetherbee replied How will we know? (a reference to the repeating cycle in the movie Groundhog Day. PC
COMMENT: Clips from the movie Groundhog Day (I Got You Babe) and the television game show Jeopardy The Groundhog Day was a reference to the multiple landing attempts. At this point STS-113 tied the previous record of two additional extensions waiting for good weather. With the additional day beyond that, they set a new record for the number of landing tries. The Jeopardy theme music was a running gag between Mike Lopez-Alegria and the Capcoms where he would pose various questions about the mission's status as quizzes. At one point the Capcom answered one of L-A's queries, and he replied But you forgot to phrase it in the form of a question. The evening before when MCC said goodnight a Capcom cautioned the wakeup music may sound familiar. Wetherbee replied How will we know? (a reference to the repeating cycle in the movie Groundhog Day. PC



<br/>
<center>
	<a target="_blank"
	   href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?hashtags=Space,NASA,Playlist,NASAWakeupCalls,SpaceProgram&text=🚀 {{ page.author}}, '{{ page.songs.first }}' {{ page.title }}, {{ page.date | date: '%B %d, %Y' }}, {{ site.url }}{{ page.url }}&via=nasawakeupcalls"><i class="fab fa-twitter" title="Tweet this page" alt="Tweet this page" style="font-size: 1.3em;"></i></a>
	&nbsp; 	<i class="fas fa-user-astronaut" style="font-size: 1.5em;"></i> &nbsp;
    <a id="custom_amazon_link"
       type="amzn" search="#"
       category="popular music">
    <i class="fab fa-amazon" style="font-size: 1.3em;"></i></a>
</center>

<!-- Randomly resolve an individual entry from a song array -->
<script src="/assets/javascript/seedrandom.min.js"></script>
<script>
  var wake_me_up = ["I Got You Babe by Sonny and Cher", "Jeopardy Theme by Unidentified"];
  var prng = new Math.seedrandom();
  function randomSong() {
    song = wake_me_up[Math.floor(Math.random() * wake_me_up.length)];
    var amazon_link = document.getElementById("custom_amazon_link");
    amazon_link.setAttribute("search", song);
  }
  window.onload = randomSong();
</script>
