---
layout: post
title:  STS-107
author: "NASA: Music to Wake Up By"
type: MusicPlaylist
date_modified: 2003-01-29
songs: ["Imagine by John Lennon", "Yaar ko hamne ja ba ja dekha by Abita Parveen"]
---

----
### DATE: January 29, 2003
----
✧ Imagine by John Lennon  &nbsp;<br />
✧ Yaar ko hamne ja ba ja dekha by Abita Parveen

#### Comment:
* McCool and Ramon said their observations from orbit reveal no borders on the Earth below and reiterated in both English and Hebrew their hopes for peace in the world. Dedicated to Willie McCool. PC. Imagine was played at Ilan Ramon's funeral as his funeral dirge. The mourners listened to the recording sent to the astronauts, which ended with Ilan's voice translating Lennon's words into Hebrew: You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one.
Dedicated to Kalpana Chawla. A videotape of the crew activities during this wakeup call survived the accident. PC

#### *Dedication:*
> *On lift-off, Space Shuttle Columbia, the first of the fleet to reach space in the 80's suffered damage to its left-wing. We would not learn that this damage was catastrophic until re-entry into the earth's atmosphere on February 1 2003. Space-shuttle Columbia suffered systemic failures throughout its descent before mission control finally lost contact with flight-commander Rick Husband and crew. Space Shuttle Columbia broke-apart over Texas in the early hours of the morning. Its crew would not return.*

<br/>
<center>
	<a target="_blank"
	   href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?hashtags=Space,NASA,Playlist,NASAWakeupCalls,SpaceProgram&text=🚀 {{ page.author}}, '{{ page.songs.first }}' {{ page.title }}, {{ page.date | date: '%B %d, %Y' }}. {{ site.url }}{{ page.url }}&via=nasawakeupcalls"><i class="fab fa-twitter" alt="Tweet this page" style="font-size: 1.3em;"></i></a>
	&nbsp; 	<i class="fas fa-user-astronaut" style="font-size: 1.5em;"></i> &nbsp;
    <a id="custom_amazon_link"
       type="amzn" search="#"
       category="popular music">
    <i class="fab fa-amazon" style="font-size: 1.3em;"></i></a>
</center>

<!-- Randomly resolve an individual entry from a song array -->
<script src="/assets/javascript/seedrandom.min.js"></script>
<script>
  var wake_me_up = ["Imagine by John Lennon", "Yaar ko hamne ja ba ja dekha by Abita Parveen"];
  var prng = new Math.seedrandom();
  function randomSong() {
    song = wake_me_up[Math.floor(Math.random() * wake_me_up.length)];
    var amazon_link = document.getElementById("custom_amazon_link");
    amazon_link.setAttribute("search", song);
  }
  window.onload = randomSong();
</script>
